---
title: Cosmos - A Spacetime Odyssey
subtitle: (Episode-1) Standing Up in the Milky Way
date: 2018-09-05
bigimg: [{src: "/img/postimg/cosmos1.jpg", desc: "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey"}]
tags: ["TV Series", "Cosmos"]
---
## Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey
**"I've watched it three times by now and each minute of the series teaches you something."**

It is a follow-up to the 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which was presented by [Carl Sagan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Sagan), one of the greatest astrophysicists and science communicators, and it is considered a milestone for scientific documentaries. It is one of the top rated television series worldwide and if you're not someone who watches TV shows at all, this is the thing you should definitely not miss.

The 2014 Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey is much more than meets the eye, it is an experience. A breathtaking journey into the infinite cosmos, distant planets, far away galaxies and into the awe-inspiring minds of some of the most brilliant minds that ever lived, people who changed our liver forever. It connects all of the disciplines of science together, from astronomy to philosophy. Form miniscule atoms to the idea of a multiverse, it will educate you in the most beautiful manner. It is a must watch for every science fanatic out there, and it'll be a journey you will never forget.

It is hosted by astrophysicist [Neil deGrasse Tyson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_deGrasse_Tyson), who is also one of the most popular science communicators today. He spends a fair amount of time debunking mystical beliefs from the past and extolling the virtues of modern, reasoned thought and how science paved the way to the modern thoughts and inventions on which the modern world stands atop. Something that Mr. Tyson personally believes and always love to talk about.

It has 13 episodes, each of approximately 50 minutes and its area of focus ranges from various objects in space and origin of life on earth to the stories of brilliant minds like Michael Faraday, Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein.  
