---
title: A New Beginning
subtitle: Is this Abyssaltech?
date: 2019-06-06
tags: ["meta", "general", "on my mind"]
---

## Abyssaltech.xyz 🎉

Sometime around the same time yesteryear I thought of a little project for myself, summer vacations were approaching and I needed something to work on, that's when I decided to make a small blog website, mostly because I wanted it to be something web and computer science related.
      
I started building it and learnt many things along the way, I set up the hosting and the domain and finally got it running. I managed to put together a small blog that I called **Abyssal Tech** (which apparently means deepest trences of technology) because I was going to post articles related to mainly technology.

I posted various articles, sparsely, whenever I got free time. They ranged from introductory technological topics like [Intro to Quantum Computing](/post/2018-10-19-quantum-computing-what-you-need-to-know/) to some computer science topics like [Various files generated by Compilers](/post/2018-08-08-the-complete-compilation-process/) and [Deep Transfer Learning](/post/2018-06-08-image-classification-transfer-learning/), a series of cybersecurity awareness posts like [Are we really Secure?](https://whatisthat.tech/tags/are-we-really-secure/) to some posts about personal interests like TV Shows - [Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey](https://whatisthat.tech/tags/cosmos/) and documentries - [My favourite Documentries](/page/documentaries/). There were some guide posts too that included [GitHub on your Resume](/post/2018-07-27-github-on-your-resume/) and [Choosing Electives](https://whatisthat.tech/tags/choosing-electives/).

This allowed me to garner a viewership that is far beyond my expectations and Google Search page ranking(by title) on page 1.

I myself learned a lot from putting up stuff on here and I hope to continue in doing so.

---
## Whatisthat.tech ❔

The new name reflects what I truly envisioned this web-corner, a box full of content for the inquisitive minds such as mine. Another year of science, computer science, technological, and personal posts inspired from whatever I do, read, and whatever I find out and learn on the interwebs.

---
## A New Beginning

I intend to keep the layout and the overall feel same but will post a whole new bunch of posts on varied topics. It'll always be about posting stuff that I do and never the other way round.

🙏 Thanks to each and everyone of you guys for opening the link and allowing me to have your time and attention. 

📢 Please do bookmark and checkback for more stuff soon. Meanwhile, you can explore older stuff [here](https://whatisthat.tech/tags/). 